# Hammons-Yi-p5
A two game arcade consinsting of Breakout and American Checkers. These games are run in a GUI. The user is presented with a game list which provides the option to choose which game the user would like to play. The prgram then continues to allow the player to play specified game then continue playing the game. At any point, the user can choose to exit the game and start another one. 

Breakout is the game fufilling the Group 1 requirment. Breakout consits of a pong-like game where the user bounces a ball onto a wall to accumulate points. This game will have an easy and a hard version of the game. The difference is easy and hard will be determined by the thickness of the wall the user must break through. There will different colored blocks, each earning different amounts depending on the color. Red is 5 points. Yellow is 5 points. Blue is 15 points. The user will have 3 lives. The controls for this game will be left and right arrows. If the user does not have arrows prodived, left will be the "G" key and right will be the "J" key. This game is human v computer. 

American Checkers is the game fufilling the Group 2 requirment. American checkers consists of a red team and a black team, both coordinatng with matching tiles. The board game is 8x8 in all versions and is using mouse control by the user. Each player has 12 pieces to begin with. Red player goes first. The players then alternate turns while jumping the opponent's pieces. This game is played until the user decides to wuit or until no valid moves are left. The winner with most remaining pices is the winner. This game can be played human v computer or human v human depending on how many users are playing the game. 
